Add an explicit flyout placement option (#9357)
readthedocs/readthedocs.org: docs/user/flyout-menu.rst

The flyout menu provides access to the following bits of Read the Docs functionality:

* A :doc:`version switcher </versions>` that shows users all of the active, unhidden versions they have access to.
* :doc:`Downloadable formats </downloadable-documentation>` for the current version, including HTML & PDF downloads that are enabled by the project.
* Links to the Read the Docs dashboard for the project.
* Links to your :doc:`VCS provider </integrations>` that allow the user to quickly find the exact file that the documentation was rendered from.
* A search bar that gives users access to our :doc:`/server-side-search` of the current version.

Closed
~~~~~~

.. figure:: /_static/images/flyout-closed.png

    The flyout when it's closed

Open
~~~~

.. figure:: /_static/images/flyout-open.png

    The opened flyout

Information for theme authors
-----------------------------

People who are making custom documentation themes often want to specify where the flyout is injected,
and also what it looks like.
We support both of these use cases for themes.

Defining where the flyout menu is injected
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The flyout menu injection follows this logic:

> * When a ``<div id="readthedocs-embed-placement">`` is defined, inject the flyout menu there.

Reviewer: I read this and I thought that "embed" may be too generic and we may want to use something more specific, just in case in the future we need more placements. Why not use something like `readthedocs-flyout-placement`?

Author: Yea, I did that originally, but in the issue Pradyun suggested using the same prefix as the JS/CSS files in the docs, so people know where it came from. We need to unify all these names at some point..

Author: Went ahead with `readthedocs-embed-flyout`. I could also do `readthedocs-embed-flyout-placement`, but that seems overly verbose.

> * If a page is an old version of the Read the Docs Sphinx theme, update the place where the theme expected it to be injected.

Reviewer: This bullet is not clear to me. What does "update the place where the theme expected it to be injected" mean?

Author: We could probably just remove this. It's an internal detail most users don't need to care about.

* All other pages have the flyout appended to the ``<body>``

Styling the flyout
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

HTML themes can style the flyout to make it match the overall style of the HTML.
By default the flyout has it's `own CSS file <https://github.com/readthedocs/sphinx_rtd_theme/blob/master/src/sass/_theme_badge.sass>`_,
which you can look at to see the basic CSS class names.

> It also uses fontawesome to define some basic UI elements,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It also uses Font Awesome to define some basic UI elements,
```

Reviewer: There is a PR opened to remove this and hardcode only the icons used. So, this may conflict with that. See https://github.com/readthedocs/readthedocs.org/pull/9297

Author: I'll go ahead and remove this mention for now, so we don't have to remember to remove it. That does seem like a better approach.

Reviewer 2: Note: Font Awesome isn't being removed, just the need for font files. It's still a Font Awesome licensed graphic.
